Id 2349 create template for postgres db (#23)
equinor/ioc-shared-infrastructure: resources/resourcePostgresql/README.md

| adminstratorLogin         | string       | yes      | The username of the postgresql administrator        |
| adminstratorLoginPassword | securestring | yes      | The administrator password                          |

This is an example parameter file

```json
{
    "$schema": "https://schema.management.azure.com/schemas/2019-04-01/deploymentParameters.json#",
    "contentVersion": "1.0.0.0",
    "parameters": {
        "appName": {
            "value": "<Application name>"
        },
        "tags": {
            "value": {
                "Environment": "<Environment>]"
            }
        },
        "administratorLogin": {
            "value": "<Admin username>"
        },
        "administratorLoginPassword": {
            "value": "<Admin password>"
        },
        "environment": {
            "value": "<Environment>"
        },
        "sku": {
            "value": {
                "name": "GP_Gen5_2",
                "tier": "GeneralPurpose",
                "family": "Gen5",
                "capacity": 2
            }
        }
    }
}
```

## Creating databases

> When using the template, use template described [here][../resourcePostgresqlDatabases/README.md]:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating a database server with this template, use its [sibling template][../resourcePostgresqlDatabases/README.md] to create databases:
```
